Redesign transport parameters to be clearer (#1)
martinduke/scone-echo: draft-mduke-scone-scone-echo.md

# Overview {#overview}

> The use of SCONE_ECHO frames is negotiated by new transport parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of the SCONE_ECHO frame is negotiated by new transport parameters
```

separately in each direction. This negotiation is an alternate means of allowing

> the sending of SCONE packets, in addition to scone_supported from {{SCONE}}. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
separately in each direction. This negotiation is an alternate means of negotiating the
use of SCONE packets, in addition to scone_supported from {{SCONE}}. In
```

each direction, sending SCONE is authorized by the new transport parameters or

> scone_supported, never both.

Reviewer: I don't understand what "In each direction," means?

Maybe "For a given direction,"?

When an endpoint receives a valid SCONE packet that has been authorized by the

> SCONE echo parameters, it sends a SCONE_ECHO QUIC frame in response and sends no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an endpoint receives a valid SCONE packet and SCONE echo was negotiated
in that direction, it sends a SCONE_ECHO QUIC frame in response and sends no
```

> signal to its local application layer.

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary to suppress the signal to the application layer.

# Negotiating SCONE Echo

This document specifies two new transport parameters: scone_echo_send and
scone_echo_receive.

> Endpoints send scone_echo_send if and only if a local application has not

Reviewer: I think linking it to app behavior is confusing.  It's better to talk about what's on the wire.  Implementations can decide when and how to expose the SCONE signal.

requested bandwidth advice from incoming SCONE packets (in which case an
endpoint would instead send scone_supported from SCONE). An endpoint MUST

> NOT send both scone_echo_send and scone_supported; doing so is a

Reviewer: Why?

Author: Offline: agreed this was OK, although it hurts some use cases.

TRANSPORT_PARAMETER_ERROR.

Endpoints send scone_echo_receive when a local application requests sending
of SCONE packets. It indicates the ability to process SCONE_ECHO frames.

Endpoints MUST NOT send SCONE packets unless the peer has sent either
scone_supported or scone_echo_send. If scone_echo_send, the endpoint MUST

> also have sent scone_echo_receive.

Reviewer: In that case, one TP with a bool value would be better.

Author: Offline: agreed this was OK.
